Hi guys, how are you? I 'm going to teach today.
for you how do you draw ok then
some people were asking me to
teach me how to draw glasses in the sketch
So draw a face and now I go.
draw his glasses
The first thing I do is to make the
marking where the eyes of the
doll for me has a sense of where I
I'm going to draw a pair of glasses.
so I've already made the markings and now a
just above the mark of the eyes I go
draw a straight line
done that I'm going to make the mark zinha
there near the nose
then I start to ground a line
round 'shape of the beach
glasses on the drawing
so now just go and do the curvature
and close the line at 5
It is important to remember that when you go
read a glasses in the sketch you do not need
make the part is behind the frame
the one that will be placed behind the
ear does not need because it is a drawing
So how are you going to look at it from the front?
if you want to do just a little bit there
from the corner just as I am
making
You can but it's just that and then I
I've been giving a better drawing format
The question of the shape of the glasses
according to your creativity
What you need to know is just the location.
sure to put it on and then the
format is according to your taste
you can make round square of
The way you think it's gonna be cool
ae
if you want to give the impression of
book or mirrored glasses is just do
This drawing is a way that I
give that impression of brightness even though
then just coloring remembering that this
part of this middle design is to leave or
in white or with a lighter roll
to give the impression of kissing on the glasses
ae
Are you ready glasses now what I'm going
do is do three different models
here just so you have an idea
inspired to create the first
thing always kill the size I do not want
glasses always risk making a sketch
first for later I came giving
event format
ae
whenever I want to draw a glasses
of degree
I do these stingy ones and leave them in
color the inside of the glasses
ae
it's not that I hope you
have liked the tip today
If you liked, you learned from her.
Forget the dump I liked in low
share the video and sign up for
channel is following all the
lessons all tutorials and videos from
drawing firsthand here our
Today's tip is around and until the next
got me
good
i